[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
We've got an amazing
program for you.
Geraldine Orozco is with us,
an epigenetic psychotherapist
and hypnotherapist.
She experienced life-changing
ET contact back around 2013.
And in 2017, hypnosis
revealed a lifelong history
of interdimensional encounters.
Now, she helps others
integrate their ET experiences,
facilitating healing of
the mind, body, and soul.
Geraldine, welcome
to the program.
>>GERALDINE OROZCO: Thank
you so much for having me.
It's an honor to
be here, George.
>>NOORY: What an
incredible background.
Oh, my gosh, how did
this all start for you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So I'm a lifelong
contactee, and I
come from a very
spiritual family,
so I've been meditating
since I was very young.
But at the age of five, I
had my first experience.
And I began to notice
these experiences happening
throughout my life,
but not really knowing
to link the word alien or ET
with these interdimensional
contacts and connections.
>>NOORY: Why you?
Why you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah, I don't think
there's anything special at all.
We are multidimensional
beings in reality.
And we actually are
constantly moving in and out
of many, many dimensions.
I think it's just a matter of
learning how to quiet the mind,
to begin to observe other
dimensional things that
are surrounding us--
nature, beings, entities,
and that is available
to every single person.
>>NOORY: Now, your
parents are human, right?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
Yes, they are very much.
>>NOORY: Did they know
what was happening to you?
>>OROZCO: Well, it wasn't
talked about in my family.
We talked a lot about
spiritual things.
I studied with them
Buddhism, Zen meditation.
Every religion, we
explored as a family.
But by the time I became
older, in my early 20s,
that's when I really dove deep
into the topic of spiritual
connection, my own journey.
And in 2013, when I
had the experience,
that was the first
time that I actually
shared with them what
was happening to me.
>>NOORY: What did they say?
>>OROZCO: Well, it
turned out that they
had also lifelong experiences.
And I was shocked to hear
that because I've never
heard them talk about
interdimensional beings.
>>NOORY: And that
could be the reason--
that could be exactly the
reason why they were coming
to you because of the family.
>>OROZCO: Well, that's right.
Part of my research in the
work that I do as a therapist
is working with experiencers.
And I'm discovering that
actually contact experience
runs down the family lineage.
Many families, depending
on where they're from,
their culture, their
background, they
seem to hold very strong
ties to specific star groups.
That's encoded in our DNA.
It's in the memory of our DNA.
>>NOORY: Now, Geraldine
as a five-year-old,
you had this missing time.
What happened to you?
Where did you go?
>>OROZCO: Yes, I've had
several experiences.
But at five years old,
I was taken on board
a craft, where implants
were put into my body.
And I was also taken into
remote viewing environments.
I was taken into a cave and
put into water, blindfolded,
and I was used for my psychic
abilities at a young age
already to remote
view different things.
And for me, at that time,
I thought that it was just
incredibly vivid dreams.
It wasn't until
later that I began
to realize that
these are actually
out of body experiences, that
I'm remembering and recalling
as marker memories.
>>NOORY: As a little
five-year-old girl,
did they treat you well?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So for the most part, yes,
there was nothing terrible
or traumatizing during
these experiences.
But I think mostly, it's
because I didn't quite
understand what was happening.
And as a child,
having the abilities
to see things
multidimensionally,
it wasn't something
that was strange to me.
It was something
that was normal.
So it wasn't something out of
the ordinary for me as a child.
>>NOORY: Now, you're a
pretty prolific painter.
And throughout
this program, we're
going to be looking
at a lot of depictions
that you have brought us, that
you can explain to us about what
was happening.
But to answer this for me
first, Geraldine, these beings,
what did they look like?
>>OROZCO: Well, I've seen
many beings up until now.
But as a child,
I saw beings that
looked like Draco, Draconian
type beings, very large beings,
very muscular, a kind of mix of
some kind of humanoid reptile,
large kind of being,
with horns in their face.
And I also saw many Greys,
mantids, other light beings
as well.
So many, many different
species throughout my childhood
and then later into the
hybridization program,
which I can explain
in just a moment.
>>NOORY: All right,
let's look at one
of the first pictures of the
stills that you've sent us
and see how this
inspired your event.
What are we looking at?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is one of
the first experiences
that I had as a child.
I was taken on board a craft.
And this is a
hybridization craft.
It kind of looks like a
honeycomb, so to speak,
with many layers.
In one of the floors,
as I'm entering
the room, that's me on the
very bottom, on the right, mid.
>>NOORY: The little, tiny girl.
>>OROZCO: Yes, that little
girl with the white pajamas.
To the left, it's a group of
children that are hypnotized
or in some kind of
unconscious state.
They are seeing things,
they're enjoying themselves.
And behind that, there
is glass partition
that is going into
a laboratory, where
there are being examinations
and kind of testing of genetics.
There are mantids, and
there are also Greys there.
On the other side, to the right
is an implantation machine
that implants into the little
children, little implants
into their body.
>>NOORY: Where do they put them.
>>OROZCO: The implants?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>OROZCO: The implants are
put usually in the spine
and around the lower
half of the body.
>>NOORY: What do they do?
>>OROZCO: The implants are
meant for a couple reasons.
They are both using
the DNA of the human,
but it's also etheric.
And essentially,
it's meant to monitor
the vibrational frequency
field of a human
through their
evolutionary process.
So some people might think
it's more like tracking.
But in reality, we're looking
at the vibrational frequency
of the human as they develop and
they grow throughout their life.
Every human is like a
multidimensional vortex,
and we're somehow
connecting through our DNA.
How we shift what we
learn epigenetically
is storing information
in our memory,
so they can access that
information very easily
with this kind of
etheric technology.
>>NOORY: Now, you were
five in the little picture.
How old were you when
you painted the picture?
>>OROZCO: This picture was
probably done maybe 2018.
2018.
Actually, I began painting
after a near-death experience,
which allowed me
to understand very
deeply our human lives and
the purpose of our existence.
And it was then that I
had an insatiable feeling
to want to paint.
And so all of a sudden,
from one day to the next,
I began painting these images.
>>NOORY: Did other people
know what had happened to you?
Were you being monitored?
>>OROZCO: So throughout my life,
when the film Extraordinary,
The Seeding first
came out in 2017--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>OROZCO: Yes, that's
really when I became public
with my experiences.
But before that, no, I didn't
share with anyone other
than my family.
>>NOORY: You went
public on your own?
>>OROZCO: Yes, in the
film, pretty much.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>OROZCO: Yes.
And that's when my family became
aware of my lifelong experiences
and everything that's
been happening.
Obviously, they knew that
there was something going on.
But yes, it was
during that time.
>>NOORY: Geraldine, tell us
about this military involvement.
What did they want
to know from you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So I actually didn't
realize that it
was military until later.
I had been taken out
of school several times
during my childhood to
have some kind of testing,
psychological testing,
which I thought was normal.
>>NOORY: They'd be in class,
and they'd come and get
you and take you out.
>>OROZCO: That's right.
>>NOORY: Did they
bring you back?
>>OROZCO: They
would bring me back.
They would test to
see level of IQ.
see if I was psychic.
They would test to see
if I could remote view.
And they would ask me
these strange questions.
But I thought it was normal.
It wasn't until later that I
looked back and interviewed
some of my classmates,
that they they'd never
recalled having those kinds
of tests done to them.
>>NOORY: You were the only
one they interviewed that way.
>>OROZCO: Myself and a couple
other children that were there,
yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Did you remote view?
>>OROZCO: Yes, that's right.
I remote viewed several times.
And in some of
these experiences,
I was taken by some
of these groups,
these interdimensional groups,
to remote view very specific
events that were happening,
especially for the military.
>>NOORY: What about
the reptilians?
What were they doing with you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So in reality, there's many
different kinds of reptilians.
It's just like humans.
There's a plethora of
vibrational frequencies
and intentions.
And these beings were
very interested in using
psychic abilities.
They were very connected
to the military, especially
the Draco reptilian race.
So because I had those psychic
abilities already as a child,
they would use me
inter-dimensionally
for that information.
And those are
agreements that we make
in many different lifetimes.
We agree to participate in
these kinds of activities.
>>NOORY: Well, Geraldine, let's
take a look at a couple more
of the paintings that you depict
reptilians and the military,
and tell us what
we're looking at.
>>OROZCO: So this is an
experience at the age of 8,
where I'm taking on to--
>>NOORY: That's little
tiny you standing there
in the white pants, right?
>>OROZCO: That is me.
But actually, I
am undressed here.
I'm naked.
And I'm blindfolded and standing
in water inside of a cave.
To the left side,
where you see what
it looks like the
opening of a cave,
that's actually a holographic
projection of what I am seeing.
And I am remote viewing for
the group of three beings that
are there behind.
>>NOORY: They're huge.
>>OROZCO: They are very huge.
And they are having me look at
some kind of military operation,
where they're taking these
gigantic disks of what
we know as black goo or
programmable consciousness.
It's a very
high-level technology
that is utilized to absorb and
move and manipulate life force,
human psychic life force.
>>NOORY: Explain
this black goo again.
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is like--
it's programmable consciousness.
So if you can imagine a very
advanced quantum computing
system that is connected
to our genetic information,
it connects to the
energetic system of a human,
and it manipulates emotionally.
It can manipulate the
emotions of a human.
So they were planning
on utilizing these disks
and putting them underneath
really heavily populated areas
like stadiums and things
like this, in order
to absorb certain kind
of emotional discharge
from a human.
And this is something
that they were
doing in many different
places around the world.
It was something
that was covert.
>>NOORY: Were those
objects Dracos?
Is that what they were?
>>OROZCO: The beings?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>OROZCO: Yeah, those
were Draconians.
>>NOORY: Did they
ever try to hurt you?
>>OROZCO: The experience
is not so much for hurting,
but they would implant
technology into the body.
And the technology
that was implanted
into the body, the experience
itself was shocking.
But it wasn't something that
was traumatizing that I was not
able to overcome.
It was just an understanding.
>>NOORY: What were
they trying to do
with the five-year-old or
eight-year-old little girl?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So primarily, it's
the use of our psychic
and spiritual power and our
life force, essentially.
But it's not-- it is something
that we contribute to
in many levels of our creation.
So we are
multidimensional beings.
And depending on how we use our
life force, many lifetimes that
are connecting to
this life here,
we make agreements to
explore different aspects
of this human experience.
And that was one of them, to
understand the lower realms
of contact, of interdimensional
agreements, especially
these more parasitic groups
that utilize other life
force in order to carry
out self-serving agendas.
>>NOORY: At that little age,
did you know what was going on?
>>OROZCO: No.
At that moment, I
didn't understand,
but it was not something
that was not familiar to me.
It was something
that I had already
recognized from other
lifetimes that I have had.
And most of these memories are
kind of hidden until later time.
When I had my
experience in 2013,
that's actually when
all of these memories
began to come back to me.
And that's when I
began to realize
that I had been experiencing
these things all my life.
>>NOORY: There are
all kinds of theories,
Geraldine, about how
we as humans have
been seeded and created
and how it happened.
And there's been
a theory that we
may have been originated from
three different bloodlines.
What do you know about that?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
In 2017, I was actually shown--
I went into very deep state.
And I was shown a
map of the world.
And my question in
the hypnotherapy
was to understand the
hybridization program,
to understand what is the
purpose of the human soul.
And essentially,
what I was shown
is that the human
soul is a fractal
of infinite consciousness,
and that we are creating
on many different levels.
And the human race
essentially, so
meaning what we're
speaking, what
we're thinking,
what we're feeling
is all ways that we create.
And the most dense
manner of creation
in the three-dimensional
plane is children.
We create life.
We're creating a soul.
The creation of a soul is the
creation of an entire universe.
It is a fractal of the
universe that is created from
a human's-- from two
humans that unite.
And so that creation
of that soul
is one of the greatest powers
because we are not only
creating a universe, but within
that universe, connections
to portals within the DNA,
to many other solar systems
that are encoded in the genetic
makeup of that organism.
And so what that means is that
essentially, we're hybridized.
We ourselves, the
human races is actually
ancestral descendant from many
different kinds of species.
And for many generations, the
human race in their many forms
and levels of
consciousness, we've
kind of been living in many
civilizations here on Earth.
And so since we are
a hybridized race,
I was shown that we were created
from three main bloodlines, one
being a reptilian,
one being Pleiadian,
and the other being
a red bloodline,
which was shown to me from
the center of the Earth.
And the center of the
Earth is essentially
the construct of the matrix.
It creates the form through
the morphogenetic field.
How we look as
humans is designed as
modeled after the
Middle Earth species.
Our level of consciousness and
the gateway into the higher
consciousness is a combination
of these other two reptilian
and also Pleiadian bloodlines.
>>NOORY: Let's jump ahead
where you're 15 years old now.
Another missing time event.
What happened?
>>OROZCO: Yes, at 15, I was
living in South America,
in Bolivia.
And as I was walking home
from teaching English one day,
I had missing time.
And I was taken into a
dark space, where something
was implanted into my body.
It was almost as if it was
an intravenous implantation
into the body, where a blue
liquid would enter my body.
And for the first
time in my life--
well, let's fast forward.
3:00 in the morning,
I wake up in my bed.
I don't know how I got there.
My family doesn't
know how I got home.
That's the next day
after talking with them.
But for the first time feel
aroused for the first time.
And I began to realize
that, I've had something
happen to me during that time.
And what I remember
is vaguely the dream
of being inserted in
the body some kind
of blue liquid in my body.
So I became very ill.
And I wasn't sure what it was.
15 years old, I was a virgin.
My uncle was a doctor.
And so I consulted
with him, let him
know what was happening to me.
He said, it's probably
just a stomach flu.
You're not feeling very well.
So a couple weeks passed
by, and all of a sudden,
I see another white
light in my dream state.
This time it's an
actual dream state.
>>NOORY: Are you
still sick, too?
>>OROZCO: I am still
sick, yes, yes.
And it's like nausea, as
if it was a pregnancy.
And I visit the doctor.
The doctor does an
examination to try
to understand what's happening.
Discovers that I have
a strange scarring
inside of the uterine
wall that at that age,
is probably something
that somebody much older
should be having, someone that
already has had children before.
>>NOORY: Yes, of course.
>>OROZCO: And so they do
some testing on that and they
discovered that
potentially, I'm pregnant,
but they cannot understand
how I'm pregnant
because I'm a virgin.
A couple of days passed
by, and I have the dream,
where this white light
enters, touches my forehead.
And next thing you know, I'm
completely fine the next day,
100%.
No traces of a pregnancy,
no traces of sickness,
everything back to normal.
>>NOORY: It's gone.
>>OROZCO: Completely just gone.
And the doctor doesn't
understand what happened.
He just thinks that it's just
an anomalous kind of stress
syndrome of some kind.
>>NOORY: Now, you
brought us some evidence
of this strange pregnancy.
Tell us what we're looking at.
>>OROZCO: Yes.
So this is a sonogram
of what is happening
inside the uterine wall.
And what they found was some
scarring that essentially is
showing that it's a uterus
of someone that is much,
much older than a 16-year-old
virgin at the time.
And so the doctor tried to
identify what was happening
and could not have an
explanation that made any sense.
So yeah, it was very difficult.
My family was very confused.
They didn't know
what to make of it.
I really didn't
even understand what
sex was at that time at all,
actually, till I was 18.
>>NOORY: Of course, not.
>>OROZCO: Yes.
So yeah, it was kind of
difficult to understand that.
But later on, with the
dream of that white light
coming and then everything
coming back to normal,
the thing is, I didn't link
the dream with the missing
time and the medical phenomena.
I did not link the two.
I didn't understand that
they were connected.
And it wasn't until
many years later
of having the hypnotherapy that
I understood what was happening.
>>NOORY: This is
a different angle.
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
On the bottom, I believe
there are little marks.
There's little white
marks that were made
on the very bottom of there.
Those were the scars that they
found within the uterine wall.
>>NOORY: Back in 2002,
you had some angelic
being appear in your car,
and you became ill again.
What happened?
>>OROZCO: Yeah, so I was going
through a distressing time,
and this angel approached, and
it was a very vivid experience
of seeing the angel.
But all of a sudden, I
became very ill again.
And I think the
angel was actually
kind of letting me know
what was going to happen
in the next coming months.
>>NOORY: What did
the angel tell you?
>>OROZCO: Well, the
angel essentially
told me, don't be
afraid of anything.
Everything is in
alignment with what you're
going to be experiencing.
I didn't understand what
that meant until later.
But a couple of days later,
I have this experience,
where I have a dream,
where this being comes in,
touches my belly.
And all of a sudden,
I find myself pregnant
again and extremely ill.
And go to the doctor.
The doctor doesn't
understand what is happening.
>>NOORY: And this is
pregnancy number two.
>>OROZCO: This is
Yes.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>OROZCO: So the illness
was very strange.
The doctor could not identify
what was wrong with me.
They tried to understand
if there was an amoeba.
They said that was
the closest thing
to the symptoms I was having.
But essentially, I had
three months left to live.
And if I--
>>NOORY: Three
months left to live.
What did they think was wrong?
>>OROZCO: Well, I
mean, first of all,
I wasn't able to eat anything.
I wasn't able to ingest any
kind of medicine of any kind.
Everything that I was doing
to try to regulate my system
was not working.
My body would just
reject everything.
And so the doctor said,
you have three months
left to live, if
you don't recover,
if one of these medicines
don't work on you.
So essentially, finally,
one day I had a dream
and again, a white light comes,
touches me on my forehead.
And the next day, I'm
absolutely 100% fine.
And I go back to the doctor.
And I explained, I
mean, we're trying
to figure out what happened.
They run tests on me again.
And everything comes out clear.
The doctor doesn't
understand how it's possible.
He doesn't understand how any
of the medications didn't work.
And I'm just 100% fine.
And I came back to do
several checkups after that
because the doctor wasn't really
believing what was happening.
And everything was
completely fine.
>>NOORY: You went from
being three months to be
terminal to perfectly fine.
>>OROZCO: Right.
>>NOORY: And what about
the second pregnancy,
was that taken, too?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
Yes.
That exact night,
the exact night
that I became completely healed,
the pregnancy was also gone.
But the thing is that
because we're not
used to hearing about
these kinds of stories,
we don't really link these two
kinds of experiences together.
So in my mind, I'm thinking
medical problem and then
dream as a separate thing.
But in reality, thousands of
people in my support group,
I'm talking about men and
women having these kinds
of experiences all the time.
>>NOORY: Truly remarkable.
This angelic experience
that you had,
what do you think
its purpose was?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
And the angel realm
is very interesting.
The angel realm is here
to interact with us,
and there are many different
kinds of levels of consciousness
in these angelic beings.
But in this case,
I think this angel
was one that was trying to
guide me through the process,
to let me know that everything
was going to be fine.
And that even though I was
giving a three-month death
sentence, it was something
that was meant to be.
So I understood that
much later, when
I understood the purpose for
these hybrid children that
were being created
through the body
at that time of these dimensions
that were merging in my life,
in my conscious life, which was
very interesting to experience.
>>NOORY: Why do you think
they needed human women
for this hybridization program?
>>OROZCO: Yeah, I think that
it's not so much about-- well,
the human women are
multidimensional.
And it's not so much that they
cannot create on those levels.
But what makes the human race
so particularly incredible
is their creative power is
merging sky and the Earth,
the multidimensionality
of a human organism
with many dimensional planes
that are available to them.
So when a child is born,
we're not really thinking
about the child.
We create the soul.
The creation of the soul
is really what it is.
And there are many beings
in this realms that
are wanting to create
with different purposes
and different agendas.
If a human is
dormant, they're not
going to understand their
intention for creation.
So if a mother is
conscious, is aware,
if we practice
things like alchemy,
for example, in order to
create with pure love, the soul
that we're creating has a much
larger creation potential.
It's a much larger soul
that will recover memory.
And the intention of
the different agendas
is to create beings that
either can be manipulated
or that can be like,
god, creator beings.
So what I experienced
and what I discovered
is that it's just my lucidity
that was available to me
to be able to remember
these experiences.
I believe that most
humans on this planet
have created life in this
way interdimensionally,
perhaps many times
in their life.
>>NOORY: What do
you think they're
doing with these hybrid babies?
>>OROZCO: Hybrids, as I
mentioned, is the soul.
So it's the creation
of an entire universe.
Our DNA is very, very
beautiful and complex.
It's holographic.
Only 2% of that DNA is
managing this physical vessel.
The rest of it is
actually encoding
memory, bioelectrical
memory, which
is within our field,
the morphogenetic field.
And actually, these children
that are being created
are seeded.
They're brought back into the
incarnation cycle on Earth.
And they are also seeding
life on many planets.
>>NOORY: Do they
walk among us now?
>>OROZCO: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: We just don't know it.
>>OROZCO: Well,
yes, but in fact, we
are the hybrids
that we have created
in many other
generations and lifetimes
that we've lived on this
planet, as well because we
are descendants of these races.
On Earth, we have many,
many generations of humans.
We have the ancient Mayas,
ancient civilizations,
the ancient Egyptians,
that have hold
a lot of these
ancient understanding
of the arts of creation.
That's why in ancient
Egyptians' dream
and learning how to practice and
train lucidity in dream state
was so important.
So you can remember what
you're creating in all
these dimensional states.
>>NOORY: I think if I talk
to my mother, she would say,
I had you in the
hospital, Georgie,
I remember some time ago.
>>OROZCO: Yes.
>>NOORY: So would that
make me a hybrid or not?
>>OROZCO: Absolutely.
So our hybrid DNA, so
think of it this way.
We have encoded
where you grow up,
where you are born, the cultural
lineage that you descend from.
Most Indigenous cultures have
a very profound connection
with star constellations and
races and different beings.
In fact, all of the Indigenous
cultures, like from the Incas
to the Aymaras to the Hopi
Indians, to the Egyptians,
to ancient Mayans,
all over the world,
every single
ancient civilization
is deeply connected to
their star seed origins.
And we have that memory
encoded in our DNA.
Those stories, just like the
origin of the Book of Enoch
and the tablets of Gilgamesh,
which all talk about our union
with the star beings.
So this is something
that has been happening
since the beginning of time.
We also understand the
immaculate conception,
the creation of Jesus,
as a hybridized soul.
And that is something
that is depicting
all of these occult
arts of divine creation
that have been practiced
through history, but we forgot.
We completely forgot that.
The hybridization
program, people
are remembering it more now
so that we can bring back
those creation arts in order to
apply our free will in creation.
>>NOORY: How many times did
they take you aboard a craft?
>>OROZCO: Well, at this time,
it's many times, George.
Maybe over 40 or 50 times,
even up until recently.
I have very strong connection.
And these experiences
are always happening.
>>NOORY: Now, back around 2013,
you were taken aboard a craft
at a very strange
time of 3:33 AM.
What was the
significance of that?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So the time frame
is a special time
that our brain and we go into
the deepest states of sleep,
but also, we are able to enter
into higher octave vibrational
frequencies at that
time in our bodies.
And for me at that time, 3:33
was exactly the time that this
incredible light
entered my room.
And as I approached
the window to see what
it is, and my entire
body becomes paralyzed.
And I am being drawn from
the inside, through the wall,
out on top of the
outside of my house.
And I'm taking on board the
craft by these Greys that are
7-foot tall.
They speak to me telepathically.
I feel the incredible
connection of peace, harmony.
And they tell to me
calm telepathically,
and all of the terror
leaves my body.
These were completely
different beings than the ones
that I had been in contact
with in those younger years.
And on board the
craft, I saw my aunt.
My aunt is in her nightgown.
And they are taking
her into another room.
And before me, there are
three smaller Greys, maybe 3,
4-foot tall, that are showing
me a holographic prism
of information, many layers.
The first of these
is alien language
that kind of looks like a
mathematical algorithm, very
complex concepts.
The second is essentially
the Pleiades constellation.
And we are taken
to the planet Maya.
In the planet Maya,
they are showing
me two different timelines that
I had previously been Pleiadian.
And it helped me understand how
this multidimensional ancestry
also functions.
And they also show
me essentially
how my Pleiadian
lineage is something
that I connect to when I
tap into this information.
They also show me
my hybrid children
once we go back into the craft.
And this is where
I met with four
of the children, one of which
I had a reoccurring dream
that my mother would present her
to me as a child over and over
again.
I had the dream of this child.
>>NOORY: Remarkable.
Now, you have given us
four incredible paintings
of your experience
on these crafts.
Let's take a look at these
and have you explain to us.
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is a painting of myself.
I'm supposed to be the
being sitting there
on top of the rock.
And this is one of the
Pleiadian timelines
that I was speaking
telepathically
to the crowd of
people that are there.
The little dots
on top of the head
is to represent a
telepathic communication.
Everyone is tuning
in to geometric forms
and mathematical type
of communication that
is basically--
>>NOORY: Are you on that
other planet at this time?
>>OROZCO: Yes, this is the
planet Maya, in this case, Yes.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's look at the next one.
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is another timeline,
where I am one of the beings
onto the second to the right.
And I'm an elder here,
a Pleiadian elder.
And they are just
reminding me that I
had existed on this
planet Maya once before.
>>NOORY: One in the middle
looks like Charlie Chaplin.
[LAUGHS]
>>OROZCO: Yes.
So this is the
inside of the craft.
And as you can see, we can
see right through the craft.
It's a translucent
kind of technology.
It's like a plasma that
is completely conscious.
>>NOORY: Those were the three
smaller aliens you talked about.
>>OROZCO: Yeah, that's right.
Those are the three
and the prism.
And then this is one of the
hybrids manifesting into form
before me, that I was
just about to meet.
To the right is a
holographic console,
very high-tech technology.
>>NOORY: We show one more
picture here for you.
What's that?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is one of the
female, young hybrids
that I was introduced to.
This is the one that I
kept having the reoccurring
dream of as a child.
>>NOORY: This is one of yours?
>>OROZCO: Yes, that's right.
That's right.
>>NOORY: She's got your eyes.
>>OROZCO: Oh, I hope so.
[LAUGHS]
Thank you.
>>NOORY: How old do you
think she was there?
>>OROZCO: Well, in the
picture, this is probably
about eight years old.
She was very young.
>>NOORY: Did you
communicate with her?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
>>NOORY: Telepathically
or directly?
>>OROZCO: Telepathically.
All communication is telepathic.
And the moment that I
made eye contact within,
all of the memories of
having had contact with them
started to flood back.
>>NOORY: Did she
know who you were?
>>OROZCO: Yes, she did.
They all knew who I was.
They all knew what I was doing.
And they all knew that it was
just a very temporary meeting
with them.
And I was not sure
what was happening.
So I began to feel very
maternally connected to them.
I didn't want to leave them.
>>NOORY: Did they pay you
homage as their mother?
>>OROZCO: Yes, in
a way, in a way.
There is a biological link.
There is an imprint
that is occurring.
But as I began to
recover the memories,
I realized that I had been
meeting with them many times,
actually, before that moment.
This was just the
conscious time.
And I had gone through
a lot of preparation
leading up to this moment,
meditating for a very long time
and doing some deep healing
work, that allowed me to recall
this memory consciously.
>>NOORY: These beings, what
did they think of the soul?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So when I mentioned that it's
very much like a universe,
it's basically like creating a
vortex portal that is linking
many universes together.
That's what humans are.
Humans are portals that
interconnect many universes.
Our DNA is encoding the
blueprint of the universe
in a fractal form.
And this form that we take on
is just one form of many forms
that we actually take on.
So when a soul is
created, it is linked.
It's entangled to all
the other soul fractals
that we are connected to.
So every time that human
has the opportunity
of waking up, consciousness
evolving, growing their field,
recovering their
memory, we are affecting
all of the fractals, our own
fractals and our children,
the hybrid children
that are created,
the many souls that we
are creating together.
>>NOORY: With all this constant
communication with them,
you've had some physical side
effects still, haven't you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah, well, the
strongest physical side effect
is the psychic ability, really.
As a result of that, my life
completely changed in 2013.
I mean, the veil was
completely ripped open.
I can see the entire
multidimensional body.
And this allowed me
to do healing work
and to be of service to others.
So it's changed the
way I see our purpose
on planet for humanity and
the way I understand, really,
where we're headed
towards the future.
>>NOORY: At what point did you
realize that your family had
involvement in this?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
Well, in 2017, when the
film came public, my aunt,
actually, when she
saw the film, she
called me and let me
know that that very night
that I had the experience,
she had a dream,
that grace describing them
exactly like I had seen them.
>>NOORY: This is the aunts
you saw on the craft.
>>OROZCO: Exactly, back in 2013.
So had a dream where
they injected something
in the back of her neck and
they told her, don't worry,
you're going to be fine.
Next thing you know,
4:00 in the morning,
she wakes up with a fever, 110.
Gets rushed to the hospital.
And they do all kinds
of tests on her.
They can't understand
what's happening.
In a matter of hours,
she's back to normal again.
So this is the exact night
that that experience happened.
So what I began to
realize, essentially,
that my entire family
is having contact.
And we did hypnotherapy
on every single member
of my family to understand
what are their connections.
What have they
been experiencing.
>>NOORY: Including you?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Anything
dramatic come out of that?
>>OROZCO: A lot, a lot.
I mean, but this is kind of
where my research kind of
catapulted because
then I began to realize
that ET contact is
something that is basically,
it's in our DNA.
We pass it down.
What we pass down
is that in our DNA,
we are connected
to specific groups
that we recall stronger
every lifetime.
Now, these different groups
like the Pleiadians, Lyrans,
Arcturians, they're kind of
like archetypal vibrational
frequencies.
And that is what we hold.
We hold the memory of those
frequencies in our body.
We can essentially tap into
those lineages of information,
and we can recover
the information.
Past traumas, like in--
a lot of people talk about
galactic wars, traumas
like those kinds of collective
traumas of the races,
but also how we are creating
on a much larger scale, how
we learn to manifest on a
very high dimensional way.
>>NOORY: Now, you
are also showing how
we function holographically.
How did that work?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
So, well, all of this
information I'm sharing with you
essentially is what I was shown.
But essentially, I was shown the
matrix and how this is very much
a holographic construct.
And we, as the interface
of this construct,
we are the ones that are
projecting our reality.
It comes from the very
core of our belief system.
Everything that is
encoded in our DNA,
the emotions that we
feel on a daily basis,
are all participating
to the way that our body
is experiencing this construct.
So that was shown to me in a
very, very detailed manner.
>>NOORY: Did they explain
Adam and Eve to you,
the beginning of the
origin of humanity?
>>OROZCO: Well, in
a sense, but not
from the perspective of
Adam and Eve as we know it.
The concept of Adam
and Eve is really more
about the alchemical marriage
of the divine feminine
and masculine, which is
what we're experiencing
in the third dimensional plane.
And in reality, the
DNA, this physical body
is very much more
of a projection
from the actual DNA
that is actually
the code of all potential life.
And that's the most important
thing to understand.
We can heal this body.
We can transform our lives.
The construct, the
simulation, which
we experience psychologically,
bioelectrically, emotionally.
That's something that humans
have a tremendous amount
of creative power
and involvement
in affecting and creating.
So what I see is that, the human
race is evolving right now.
We are changing a lot.
>>NOORY: If you haven't been
through enough back in 2018,
you had a near-death experience.
What happened there?
>>OROZCO: Yes, in 2018, I
had a near-death experience.
I was bitten by
a scorpion when I
was visiting the pyramids
in Mexico, in Teotihuacan.
And so shortly
after I was bitten,
I didn't know I
was bitten, I was
going into anaphylactic shock.
And I was in the car.
And my poor friend was
driving hundreds miles an hour
to get us--
>>NOORY: Panicking.
>>OROZCO: Yes,
because the pyramids
are far away from Tulum.
There's no hospital anywhere.
And I'm going into
anaphylactic shock.
And finally, I completely
passed out and left my body.
And I'm looking at
my body in the car
and my friend praying
and crying over me,
noticing that I'm passing.
And immediately, I'm drawn into
a light in which my ancestors,
I'm surrounded by my ancestors
and my great grandmother
bringing a basket of bread, and
my father and my mother there.
And I begin to understand the
effect that my death would
have on the family.
But essentially, I'm shown--
I'm being presented
to me, the scorpion,
the very scorpion that bit me.
And I begin to do what I do in
this lifetime, in deprogramming.
I begin to read what
is the agreement
that I had that brought me
into this kind of experience.
And that's when I
begin to understand
what led me into that moment.
And I had very deep feelings
about the purpose of life.
I had feelings that
maybe as creators, maybe
it's unnecessary to continue
in the physical form.
So this experience
allowed me to understand
the value of the physical
form and why we are here,
experiencing the physical.
So there were many
interdimensional beings--
Pleiadians, Arcturians,
Lyrans that were
in my ancestry, that also
presented themselves to me
there.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
What is vibrational
language, Geraldine?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So vibrational language is
essentially the language
that we're speaking
all the time.
We have many senses.
We have the five main
senses, but we also
have many, many
senses that we're
communicating
energetically, vibrationally
through the sound of my voice,
the words that I'm speaking,
the thoughts that I'm thinking.
So in that way,
in this dimension,
we feel it as
vibrational frequencies
that we pick up
through the body.
And we feel them through
the nervous system,
the bioelectrical
system, because these
are bioelectrical charges.
So the more that we
create conductivity
in the body, the
more that we learn
how to become more conducive.
And that's by holding
higher vibrational emotions
to the alchemy of our emotions,
which doesn't mean holding
a high vibration emotion.
It means opening your
ability to all your emotions
and integrating that
ability in the zero point.
The cultivation
of the zero point
is actually the access into this
multidimensional vibrational
language.
And this is how
we can communicate
with many other species,
beings of other dimensions,
beyond just the human
spectrum of sight.
>>NOORY: Let's look at
one of your illustrations
that shows us exactly
what you're talking about.
Explain that, Geraldine.
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
So this is just a depiction
of a being that is meditating,
and around them is
a light language.
The light language is actually
a language that I speak.
I speak many of these
kinds of light languages.
But this is one language that
is transmitting information
about how the field encodes
genetic information.
>>NOORY: Have these beings
been truthful with you
about everything?
>>OROZCO: It's really not
beings that I communicate with.
The information that
I am sharing with you,
this is information
that I have been
kind of researching and uncover
through many experiences,
many communications--
>>NOORY: Downloaded into you?
>>OROZCO: Yeah,
perhaps download.
But I really work with my higher
self, my highest end source.
That's really where I get
the most information from.
>>NOORY: So you're
basically on your own now.
[LAUGHS]
>>OROZCO: We are everything
and nothing at the same time.
That's really what
we are, mostly.
>>NOORY: Are you
still being abducted?
>>OROZCO: Yeah.
I don't consider it
ever actually abduction
because we are always
moving interdimensionally
in our dream state.
It's just our matter
of remembering
what we're experiencing
in the dream state.
The more we come into order
with nature, with the Earth,
with the harmony,
that's when we can
begin to remember and
have more free will
in these kinds of
interdimensional experiences.
That's very important
to this kind of contact.
>>NOORY: Do you miss seeing
your hybrid children?
>>OROZCO: No.
>>NOORY: No!
>>OROZCO: No, because I
believe that we are one
and we are completely connected.
I can connect to
them at any time
that I want to connect, to
understand what's going on.
>>NOORY: Did they
connect with you?
>>OROZCO: Yes, if they wish
to connect with me, they can.
But I think at this
level of creation,
you understand that
there's no attachment.
We are entangled.
Every single organism
on the planet
outside interdimensionally,
we are connected as one.
So when you begin to understand
and cultivate that connection,
there's no loss, and
there's no separation.
>>NOORY: How many are there?
>>OROZCO: Well, there
are many hybrid children.
>>NOORY: That you know of?
>>OROZCO: 24 hybrid children.
>>NOORY: Yours?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
And four--
>>NOORY: 24 hybrid children?
>>OROZCO: 24, yes.
But you see, it's not
creating children the way
we create children
here on Earth.
It's a very different
form of creation.
>>NOORY: No, you'd be
pregnant every day.
>>OROZCO: Exactly.
So this is not in
the physical form.
This is something
interdimensional.
And again, we are creating
a soul, a soul, which is--
>>NOORY: Where are they?
>>OROZCO: Universes.
Well, they're
everywhere, just like us,
just like we have
many beings that
surround us even in this
time and space right now.
It's an essence
of a consciousness
that manifests in many forms.
And we have connections to
that through our consciousness.
>>NOORY: How many people
like you on this planet
are going through the same
thing you're going through?
>>OROZCO: Millions,
millions of people.
>>NOORY: That many.
>>OROZCO: Many people.
Yes.
And I think the conversation
about this topic
is important because we need
to learn what creation is.
It's not so much as of becoming
pregnant and in the human way
that we think.
Our understanding of
sex is very limited.
It's turned into a taboo, into
something scary, something
that we shouldn't touch.
>>NOORY: Taboo.
>>OROZCO: Yes.
But in reality,
our sexual energy
is one of the most
important primordial life
forces, that is the
creation of DNA, the code.
And when that is linked
with soul essence,
that is really the
creation of universes.
Gurdjieff talked
about us, planets
being very evolved souls.
So in reality,
every soul that is
created on this planet
or other planets
is evolving in the
same way that we
are to eventually become
universes at some point, become
aware of that.
>>NOORY: How do people get
a hold of you, Geraldine?
>>OROZCO: Yes.
If you want to connect with me,
my website geraldineorozco.com,
hybrid mother Geraldine.
>>NOORY: Spell that out.
>>OROZCO: Yeah, Geraldine
Orozco, G-E-R-A-L-D-I-N-E,
last name, O-R-O-Z-C-O dot com.
You guys can reach me.
>>NOORY: You take
care of yourself.
>>OROZCO: Thank you
so much for having me.
It's been a gift.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: 24 hybrid
children wandering
this planet or other
planets, truly remarkable.
I'm George Noory.
And Thanks for
watching Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]